{\rtf \li0 \fi0 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa240 ACS, Zoltan J; ANSELIN, Luc; VARGA, Attila. Patents and innovation counts as measures of regional production of new knowledge. {\i{}Research Policy}, v. 31, n. 7, p. 1069\uc0\u8211{}1085, 2002.\
ARTS, Sam; APPIO, Francesco Paolo; VAN LOOY, Bart. Inventions shaping technological trajectories: Do existing patent indicators provide a comprehensive picture? {\i{}Scientometrics}, v. 97, n. 2, p. 397\uc0\u8211{}419, 2013.\
BOYACK, Kevin W. {\i{}et al.} Classification of individual articles from all of science by research level. {\i{}Journal of Informetrics}, v. 8, n. 1, p. 1\uc0\u8211{}12, 2014.\
COLAVIZZA, Giovanni {\i{}et al.} A scientometric overview of CORD-19. {\i{}PLOS ONE}, v. 16, n. 1, p. e0244839, 7 jan. 2021.\
CORREDOIRA, Rafael A.; GOLDFARB, Brent D.; SHI, Yuan. Federal funding and the rate and direction of inventive activity. {\i{}Research Policy}, v. 47, n. 9, p. 1777\uc0\u8211{}1800, 2018.\
DOSI, Giovanni. Technological paradigms and technological trajectories: a suggested interpretation of the determinants and directions of technical change. {\i{}Research Policy}, v. 11, n. 3, p. 147\uc0\u8211{}162, 1982.\
HICKS, Diana {\i{}et al.} Bibliometrics: The Leiden Manifesto for research metrics. {\i{}Nature}, v. 520, n. 7548, p. 429\uc0\u8211{}431, 2015.\
KLAVANS, Richard; BOYACK, Kevin W. Using global mapping to create more accurate document-level maps of research fields. {\i{}Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology}, v. 62, n. 1, p. 1\uc0\u8211{}18, jan. 2011.\
PAVITT, K. Sectoral patterns of innovation: Towards a taxonomy and a theory. {\i{}Research Policy}, v. 13, n. 1984, p. 343\uc0\u8211{}374, 1984.\
PRICE, D. S.; G\uc0\u220{}RSEY, Suha. Studies in scientometrics I: Transience and continuance in scientific authorship. {\i{}Ci\uc0\u234{}ncia da Informa\uc0\u231{}\uc0\u227{}o}, v. 4, n. 1, p. 27\uc0\u8211{}40, 1975.\
RAPINI, M\uc0\u225{}rcia Siqueira {\i{}et al.} {\i{}Economia da ci\uc0\u234{}ncia tecnologia e inovac\uc0\u227{}o: fundamentos te\uc0\u243{}ricos e a economia global}. Belo Horizonte: Cedeplar, 2021. (Popula\uc0\u231{}\uc0\u227{}o e Economia).\
RIEBE, Thea; SCHMID, Stefka; REUTER, Christian. Measuring Spillover Effects from Defense to Civilian Sectors \uc0\u8211{} A Quantitative Approach Using LinkedIn. {\i{}Defence and Peace Economics}, p. 1\uc0\u8211{}13, 24 abr. 2020.\
TIGRE, Paulo Bastos. {\i{}Gest\uc0\u227{}o da inova\uc0\u231{}\uc0\u227{}o: a economia da tecnologia no Brasil}. 2\super a\nosupersub{} edi\uc0\u231{}\uc0\u227{}o ed. Rio de Janeiro: Elsevier, 2014. p. 296\
TRAAG, V. A.; WALTMAN, Ludo; VAN ECK, Nees Jan. From Louvain to Leiden: guaranteeing well-connected communities. {\i{}Scientific Reports}, v. 9, n. 1, p. 5233\uc0\u8211{}5233, dez. 2019.\
}